Please i need your help. I am building a caregiver website and on my caregiver website after a user has registered, login, and completed their profile by filling the forms(tiles) in profile_step1.html and profile_step2.html pages which now reflects in the profile_setup.html page(Review and publish page). After the user has filled the form in the profile_step1.html page they click on the save button on that page and it redirects them to the profile_step2.html page where the user also fills the form and click on the save button which now redirects them to the profile_setup.html page(This is the page where profile_step1 and profile_step2 forms filled by the user reflects). Now on that profile_setup.html page the user will now click on the save and publish button, which will now open a badge with a connect now button which will redirect them to the connections.html page, for them to connect to the caregivers or families, depending on what the user registered as on the website. But i want a situation whereby no button on the profile_setup.html page will be active or working if the user has not clicked on the save and publish button(This should only happen when the user is registering on the website for the first time), so if a user tries to click on any button in the profile_setup.html page and they have not clicked on the save and publish button, you can easily take the cursor to point to the save and publish button, to enable the user know that they have to click on that button. After the user has clicked on that save and publish button during the registration phase, i will not like to see that button on my website never again, that means if a user clicks on the save and publish button once the button should not show on my website again. Secondly, on the profile_setup.html page there is an edit profile button, if a user clicks on the edit profile button they are redirected to the profile_edit.html page where they can make changes or edit their profile(Remember that the edit profile button on the profile_setup.html page can only work after the user has clicked on the save and publish button during the registration process), when the user have been redirected to the profile_edit.html page i expect all the tiles on that page to be filled with the exact options in the profile_setup.html page. If the user  edits any tile in the profile_edit.html page and clicks on the save button it should reflect immediately on the profile_setup.html page, but any tile they did not edit should remain the same on the profile_setup.html page. Anytime the user navigates to the profile_edit.html page i want the tiles on that page to be filled with the current options that are contained in the profile_setup.html page, so except the user edit any tiles that when that tile should reflect on the profile_steup.html page but if they did not edit any tile it should remain the way it is. Remember that after the user has clicked on the save button in the profile_edit.html page and are redirected to the profile_setup.html page, they do not need to click on any save and publish button in the profile_setup.html page, that button should not even appear again, that is why i said after the first click on that save and publish button it should not be seen on my website anymore. Please while helping me to do these i want you to do it in both the caregivers block and the family block. Now i will like you to tell me the files you need so i can provide them for you on after the other, but i will like you to wait for me to provide all the pages for you, before you help me out so you can get more idea on how to assist me.   